OSDOCS-18319 [ROSA]: Vale and Dita checks for ROSA getting started (#110911)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_architecture/rosa-understanding.adoc

You subscribe to the service directly from your AWS account. After you create clusters, you can operate your clusters with the OpenShift web console, the ROSA CLI, or through {cluster-manager-first}.

> You receive OpenShift updates with new feature releases and a shared, common source for alignment with {product-title}. ROSA supports the same versions of OpenShift as Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift Dedicated and {product-title} to achieve version consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You receive {OCP-short} updates with new feature releases and a shared, common source for alignment with {OCP}. {product-title} supports the same versions of {OCP-short} as Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift Dedicated and {OCP} to achieve version consistency.
```
Probably safer to keep product names the same?

Took them from https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc since that's the only attributes file linked in this assembly.

include::modules/rosa-sdpolicy-am-billing.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_{context}"]
== Additional resources

* xref:../ocm/ocm-overview.adoc#ocm-overview[{cluster-manager}]
//* xref ../rosa_architecture/rosa-sts-about-iam-resources.adoc#rosa-sts-about-iam-resources[About IAM resources]
* xref:../rosa_getting_started/rosa-getting-started.adoc#rosa-getting-started[Getting started with {product-title}]

> * link:https://www.redhat.com/en/products/interactive-walkthrough/install-rosa[Installing Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA) interactive walkthrough]

Reviewer: This link gives a 404 in previews.
